feat: Add SessionOwner ownership permission flag (#1427)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.docs: docs/basics/ownership.md

* `Distributable`: Ownership of this NetworkObject is automatically redistributed when a client joins or leaves, as long as ownership is not locked or a request is pending.
* `Transferable`: Ownership of this NetworkObject can be transferred immediately, as long as ownership is not locked and there are no pending requests.
* `RequestRequired`: Ownership of this NetworkObject must be requested before it can be transferred and will always be locked after transfer.

> * `SessionOwner`: This NetworkObject will always be owned by the [session owner](../terms-concepts/distributed-authority.md#session-ownership) and cannot be transferred or distributed. If the session owner changes this NetworkObject will automatically be transferred to the new session owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `SessionOwner`: This NetworkObject is always owned by the [session owner](../terms-concepts/distributed-authority.md#session-ownership) and can't be transferred or distributed. If the session owner changes, this NetworkObject is automatically transferred to the new session owner.
```
This is the 'always write in the present tense' rule I was telling you about.
